scrapers/ --
This folder contains scripts for scraping data and putting
the scraped data into some database or file. These scripts
should fetch anything and everything that might be usable.
For efficiency reasons, the output of these scripts can
be in any format, and that format should be well documented
in the corresponding script.

All output from these scripts MUST be tagged with the
timezone you were in when you scraped the data, and a UTC
timestamp. Please make sure your local clock is accurate to 
within 5 minutes before running a scraper.

It's better for scrapers to be incremental or scheduled so
that redundant scraping is minimized. Before running a
scraper, you should try to download data from someone that
has already run the script.


observers/ --
The scripts here process scraped data and output some set of
mathematical models. For example, an observer can output a
set of graphs, cartesian coordinates, or probability vectors.

The output format for observers can be anything for now, but
that might change later on for code reuses reasons.


processors/ --
These scripts take mathematical models as input, and they
output either human-readable data (eg. visualizations),
human-queriable data (eg. databases), or other mathematical
models. The output of processors can be used as input to 
scrapers, observers, or other processors.

The output format for processors can be anything for now, but
some output formats might be preferred later on for code reuse
reasons.

